The meeting's at 1:30pm tomorrow.

They are discussing Inclusionary Zoning. Developers of new projects in SF were
required to provide 12% of units in new projects at a below-market rate. In
2014, SF's voters approved Prop C, which set the rate at 25%.

25% is ludicrously high and makes many projects infeasible. SF has really high
"door costs" e.g. the cost to construct each unit, if you use union labor it's
about $420,000 per door. 25% BMR means you lose money building the building.
http://www.sfhac.org/real-numbers-behind-prop-c/. Already we've seen the rate of
housing applications plummet to near zero.

The city's chief economist predicts that each 1% increase in the IZ percentage
means that 50 more BMR units get built citywide each year. Which is good! It's
good to provide rent relief. However, a 1% increase in IZ percentage corresponds
to a 1% increase in market rate rents and home values. 96% of the city's renters
are in market rate housing, and 13% of those renters move every year. This means
that the city's market rate renters are paying $20 million more in the first
year of a 1% increase, $40 million more in the second year (26% of the pop), $60
million, &c.

So it's a really expensive method of adding BMR housing - the city's renters pay
$20 million more to landlords every year and in exchange 50 families get rent
relief (estimated to be about $1 million per year).

The specific policy question is the Board of Supervisors struck a deal last
month to lower that number to 18%. 18% is much, much better than 25%. But now
the "Progressive" supervisors (your supervisor, Jane Kim, and Aaron Peskin),
want to change the deal.

The specific ask is to call them and get them to approve the deal as is without
altering it further.

If you don't or can't show up tomorrow I'd suggest calling or emailing Jane
Kim's office and asking them to approve the inclusionary zoning deal she struck
last month. You don't have to be very eloquent. It just helps if they know there
are people out there who support or don't support their policies.
